com.android.phone # Samsung Phone
com.android.server.telecom # Samsung Phone
com.dsi.ant.plugins.antplus # Samsung ANT+ Plugin Service
com.dsi.ant.sample.acquirechannels # Samsung ANT+ DUT
com.dsi.ant.server # Samsung ANT+ HAL Service
com.dsi.ant.service.socket # Samsung ANT Radio service
com.microsoft.skydrive # OneDrive
com.samsung.android.allshare.service.fileshare # Samsung Nearby Sharing
com.samsung.android.allshare.service.mediashare # Samsung Nearby Service
com.samsung.android.app.clipboardedge # Samsung Clipboard edge
com.samsung.android.app.cocktailbarservice # Samsung Edge panels
com.samsung.android.app.contacts # Samsung Contacts
com.samsung.android.app.dofviewer # Samsung Portrait
com.samsung.android.app.reminder # Samsung Reminder
com.samsung.android.app.settings.bixby # Samsung Bixby Settings
com.samsung.android.app.sharelive # Samsung Quick Share
com.samsung.android.app.simplesharing # Samsung Link Sharing
com.samsung.android.app.spage # Samsung Free
com.samsung.android.app.taskedge # Samsung Tasks
com.samsung.android.app.telephonyui # Samsung Call settings
com.samsung.android.aware.service # Samsung Quick Share Service
com.samsung.android.bixby.agent # Samsung Bixby Voice
com.samsung.android.bixby.agent.dummy # Samsung Bixby Voice Stub
com.samsung.android.bixby.service # Samsung Bixby dictation
com.samsung.android.bixby.wakeup # Samsung Bixby Voice Wake-Up
com.samsung.android.bixbyvision.framework # Samsung Bixby Vision
com.samsung.android.calendar # Samsung Calendar
com.samsung.android.callbgprovider # Samsung CallBGProvider
com.samsung.android.dialer # Samsung Dialer
com.samsung.android.easysetup # Samsung Nearby Device Scanning
com.samsung.android.fmm # Samsung Find My Mobile
com.samsung.android.game.gamehome # Samsung Game Launcher
com.samsung.android.game.gametools # Samsung Game Booster
com.samsung.android.game.gos # Samsung Game Optimizing Service
com.samsung.android.homemode # Samsung Daily Board
com.samsung.android.honeyboard # Samsung Keyboard
com.samsung.android.icecone # Samsung Keyboard Content Center
com.samsung.android.incallui # Samsung Call
com.samsung.android.kidsinstaller # Samsung Kids Installer
com.samsung.android.lool # Samsung Device case
com.samsung.android.mapsagent # Samsung Application recommendations
com.samsung.android.mdecservice # SamsungCall & text on other devices
com.samsung.android.mdx.quickboard # Samsung Media and devices
com.samsung.android.messaging # Samsung Messages
com.samsung.android.mobileservice # Samsung Group Sharing
com.samsung.android.net.wifi.wifiguider # Samsung Wifi Tips
com.samsung.android.service.peoplestripe # Samsung People
com.samsung.android.smartcallprovider # Samsung Smart Call Provider
com.samsung.clipboardsaveservice # ClipboardSaveServices
#com.sec.android.app.launcher # Samsung One UI Home Screen/Launcher - Disables home gesture
com.sec.android.app.myfiles # Samsung My Files
com.sec.android.app.quicktool # Samsung Tools
com.sec.android.app.samsungapps # Samsung Galaxy Store
com.sec.android.emergencylauncher # Samsung Emergency Launcher
com.sec.android.widgetapp.samsungapps # Galaxy Essentials Widget
com.sec.phone # Samsung Phone
